docs/HowToDeployZerto.md, before:

# How To: Deploy Zerto For Kubernetes

Perform the following procedures:

1.	[Prepare Helm](#prepare-helm)
2.	[Obtain the Image Pull Key Secret](#obtain-the-image-pull-key-secret)
3.	[Configure the Ingress Controller](#configure-the-ingress-controller)
4.	[Install the Zerto for Kubernetes Components](#install-zerto-for-kubernetes-components)
    - [Install Zerto for Kubernetes](#install-zerto-for-kubernetes)
    -	[Install Zerto Kubernetes Manager](#install-zerto-kubernetes-manager)
    -	[Create the Initial Access Token from Keycloak](#creating-the-initial-access-token-using-keycloak)
    -	[Install Zerto Kubernetes Manager Proxy](#install-zerto-kubernetes-manager-proxy)
    - [Install Zerto 4 Kubernetes on Openshift](#install-zerto-4-kubernetes-on-openshift)
    - [Install Zerto 4 Kubernetes on OpenShift on Additional cluster](#installing-zerto-4-kubernetes-on-openshift-on-additional-cluster)
5.	[Downloading the Zerto Operations Help Utility](#downloading-the-zerto-operations-help-utility)
6.	[Update Z4K with a new Zerto License](#updating-z4k-with-a-new-zerto-license)

## Prepare Helm

On the Kubernetes platform, enter the following commands:

``` shell
helm repo add zerto-z4k https://zapps-helm.zerto.com/z4k/stable
helm repo update
```

> **Note**:	Helm name (in the example above, zerto-z4k) should be a logical name entered by the user.

## Obtain the Image Pull Key Secret

1.	Go to [myZerto](https://www.zerto.com/myzerto/).
2.	If required, log in using your myZerto credentials.
3.	Navigate to [Support & Downloads > Software Downloads > Zerto for K8s](https://www.zerto.com/myzerto/support/downloads/#z4k), and click **Generate Registry Key**.
4.	Copy the Registry Key. You will need it later when installing the Zerto software.

[PullKey](Images/PullKey.png?raw=true)

## Configure the Ingress Controller

To configure the ingress controller with static IP, set the following flags in the value.yaml file as input for HELM during the installation:

For ZKM
``` shell
--set ingress-nginx.controller.service.loadBalancerIP=$STATIC_IP
```
For ZKM-PX only
``` shell
--set zkm-px.ingress-nginx.controller.service.loadBalancerIP=$STATIC_IP
```


## Install Zerto for Kubernetes Components

Installation includes installation of the following components:

-   [Zerto for Kubernetes (Z4K)](#install-zerto-kubernetes-manager)
-	[Zerto Kubernetes Manager (ZKM)](#install-zerto-kubernetes-manager)
-	[Zerto Kubernetes Manager Proxy (ZKM-PX)](#install-zerto-kubernetes-manager)




### Install Zerto for Kubernetes

Use either of these options to install Zerto for Kubernetes (Z4K) on any of the Zerto supported Kubernetes platforms.

> **Note**: For both options you can add the following flag to capture helm install logs for debugging and troubleshotting purposes:
```
--debug > <path_to_file>.txt
```

#### Option 1

Enter the following command, replacing the "$" variables with values relevant to your deployment.
``` shell
helm install <installation names> zerto-z4k/z4k \
--set global.imagePullSecret=$IMAGE_PULL_KEY \
--set global.authentication.managementUser=$KEYCLOAK_USER
--set global.authentication.managementPassword=$KEYCLOAK_PASSWORD
--set global.authentication.adminUser=$ADMIN_USER
--set global.authentication.adminPassword=$ADMIN_PASSWORD
--set zkm-px.config.siteId=$SITE \
--namespace $NAMESPACE
```

#### Option 2
1.	Create the following values.yaml:
``` yaml
--- 
global: 
  authentication: 
    adminPassword: $ADMIN_PASSWORD
    adminUser: $ADMIN_USER
    imagePullSecret: $IMAGE_PULL_KEY
    managementPassword: $KEYCLOAK_PASSWORD
    managementUser: $KEYCLOAK_USER
zkm-px: 
  config: 
    siteId: $SITE
```
2. Install using the following command:
``` shell
helm install <installation names> zerto-z4k/z4k -f values.yaml --namespace $NAMESPACE
```
Where,

| Parameter | Description |
| --------- | ----------- |
| <installation names\> | Specify an easy to recognize name. |
| $NAMESPACE | A dedicated Zerto namespace. Zerto recommends using the namespace 'zerto'. |
| $SITE |	A unique site name. |


### Install Zerto Kubernetes Manager

Use one of these options to install the Zerto Kubernetes Manager (ZKM) on any of the Zerto supported Kubernetes platforms.

#### Option 1

Enter the following commands:

``` shell
helm install <installation name> zerto/zkm \
--set global.imagePullSecret=$IMAGE_PULL_KEY \
--set global.authentication.managementUser=$KEYCLOAK_USER
--set global.authentication.managementPassword =$KEYCLOAK_PASSWORD
--set global.authentication.adminUser =$ADMIN_USER
--set global.authentication.adminPassword =$ADMIN_PASSWORD
--namespace $NAMESPACE
```
    
Where,

| Parameter |	Description |
| --------- | --------- |
| <installation names\> |	Specify an easy to recognize name. |
| $NAMESPACE |	A dedicated Zerto namespace. We recommend using the namespace zerto. |
    
#### Option 2 
    
1.  Create the following values.yaml:

    ``` yaml
    --- 
    global: 
      authentication: 
        adminPassword: $ADMIN_PASSWORD
        adminUser: $ADMIN_USER
        imagePullSecret: $IMAGE_PULL_KEY
        managementPassword: $KEYCLOAK_PASSWORD
        managementUser: $KEYCLOAK_USER
    ``` 

2. Install using the following command:  

    ```
    helm install <installation names> zerto-z4k/zkm -f values.yaml –namespace $NAMESPACE
    ```

### Creating the Initial Access Token using Keycloak

KeyCloak is installed during the ZKM installation. Before you can begin to install Zerto Kubernetes Manager Proxy (ZKM-PX) on additional Kubernetes clusters, you must create an initial access token using Keycloak.

Use one of the following processes depending on where you have or have not enabled two-factor authentication (2FA) for the Keycloak management user.

#### Option 1

Use this option to create the initial access token if 2FA is enabled for the Keycloak management user.

1.	Edit your hosts file so that **zkm.z4k.zerto.com** points to your load balancer address.
2.	Browse to Keycloak: [https://zkm.z4k.zerto.com/auth](https://zkm.z4k.zerto.com/auth)
>   [Browse](Images/Keycloak_Option2_Browse.png?raw=true)
3.	Log in to the **Administration Console** using your **$KEYCLOAK_USER** and **$KEYCLOAK_PASSWORD**.
4.	Log in to Keycloak.
>   [Sign In](Images/Keycloak_Option2_SignIn.png?raw=true)
5.	Select the **Realm Settings** option from the drop-down menu, and in the right pane, select the **Client Registration Policies** tab.
6.	Click **Create**.
>   [Create](Images/Keycloak_Option2_InitialAccessToken_Create.png?raw=true)
7.	In the Add Initial Access Token panel, in the **Expiration** field define time-frame within which the token will expire in **Seconds/Minutes/Hours/Days**.
8.	In the **Count** field, define the token usage count.
>   [Token Expiration](Images/Keycloak_Option2_TokenExpiration.png?raw=true)
9.	Click **Save** to generate and display a token.
>   [Back](Images/Keycloak_Option2_InitialAccessToken_Back.png?raw=true)
10.	Save the token.
11.	Click **Back** to return to Keycloak.

#### Option 2

Use this option to create the initial access token only if two-factor authentication (2FA) is **not** enabled for the Keycloak management user.
 
1.  Generate an initial access token via REST commands to Keycloak.
2.  Download and execute the following script:
``` shell
wget https://z4k.zerto.com/public/generate_initial_access_token.bash
chmod +x generate_initial_access_token.bash
./generate_initial_access_token.bash
```
> **Note**:	The URL should end with /auth


### Install Zerto Kubernetes Manager Proxy

1. [Create the Initial Access Token from Keycloak](*creating-the-initial-access-yoken-from-keycloak)
2. Install Zerto Kubernetes Manager Proxy (ZKM-PX) on any of the Zerto supported Kubernetes platforms using one of the following options.

#### Option 1
Enter the following commands to install Zerto Kubernetes Manager Proxy:

``` shell
helm install <installation name> zerto-4k/zkm-px \
--set global.imagePullSecret=$IMAGE_PULL_KEY \
--set global.authentication.initialAccessToken =$INITINAL_ACCESS_TOKEN
--set config.siteId=$SITE \
--set config.zkmUrl=$ZKM_URL \
--set config.zkeycloakUrl=$ZKEYCLOAK_URL \
--namespace $NAMESPACE
```
  Where,

| Parameter	| Description |
| --------- | ----------- |
| <installation names\>	| Specify an easy to recognize name. |
| $SITE |	A unique site name. |
| $ZKM_URL |	URL for ZKM. Typically: "https://<load balancer addr>/zkm" |
| $ZKEYCLOAK _URL | URL for Keycloak. Typically: https://<load balancer addr>/auth |

#### Option 2    

1. Create the following values.yaml:

``` yaml
--- 
config: 
  siteId: $SITE
  zkeycloakUrl: $ZKEYCLOAK_URL
  zkmUrl: $ZKM_URL
global: 
  authentication: 
    imagePullSecret: $IMAGE_PULL_KEY
    initialAccessToken: $INITIAL_ACCESS_TOKEN
```
    
2.  Install using the following command:
    
    ```
    helm install <installation names> zerto-z4k/zkm-px -f values.yaml --namespace $NAMESPACE
    ```
 
 Where,

 | Parameter  | Description |
 | ---------  | ----------- | 
 | <installation names\>  | Specify an easy to recognize name. |
 | $NAMESPACE  | A dedicated Zerto namespace. We recommend using the namespace zerto. |
    

### Installing Zerto 4 Kubernetes on OpenShift

In **OpenShift on VMware platforms**, Zerto does not deploy its own ingress controller but rather utilizes the built-in routes.
Therefore, to enable VRA communication, you must disable ingress deployment and provide the external IP of the sites.

**To disable ingress deployment and provide the external IP of the sites** enter the following commands:
``` shell
--set zkm.zkmIngressControllerEnabled=false
--set zkm-px.zkmProxyIngressControllerEnabled=false
--set zkm-px.config.externalIp=$SITE_IP
--set zkm.useNginxRoutePath=false
```

### Set Custom Ingress Class Names

To find the default ingress class name run the command:

```kubectl get ingressclass```

Use the following flags to specify the used IngressClassNames:

``` shell
helm install z4k zerto-z4k/z4k \
--set zkm-px.image.zkmPxRepository=zapps-registry.zerto.com/z4k/stable/zkm-px \
--set zkm-px.image.flowsRepository: zapps-registry.zerto.com/z4k/stable/zkm-installer-flows \
--set zkm-px.config.siteId: $SITE \
--set zkm.image.zkmRepository=zapps-registry.zerto.com/z4k/stable/zkm \
--set zkm.image.coreRepository=zapps-registry.zerto.com/z4k/stable/zkm-core \
--set zkm.client.licenseKey: $LICENSEKEY
--set global.authentication.managementUser=$KEYCLOAK_USER \
--set global.authentication.managementPassword=$KEYCLOAK_PASSWORD \
--set global.authentication.adminUser=$ADMIN_USER \
--set global.authentication.adminPassword=$ADMIN_PASSWORD \
--set global.imagePullSecret=$IMAGEPULLSECRET \
--set zkm.zkmIngressControllerEnabled=false \
--set zkm-px.zkmProxyIngressControllerEnabled=false \
--set zkm-px.config.externalIp=$EXTERNALIP \
--set zkm.useNginxRoutePath=false \
--set zkm-px.vras.ingressClass=$INGRESSCLASSNAMES \
--set zkm-px.ingress-nginx.controller.ingressClass=$INGRESSCLASSNAMES \
--set zkm.ingress-nginx.controller.ingressClass=$INGRESSCLASSNAMES \
--set zkm.ingress.annotations.kubernetes\\.io/ingress\\.class=$INGRESSCLASSNAMES \
--set zkm.zkeycloak.ingress.annotations.kubernetes\\.io/ingress\\.class=$INGRESSCLASSNAMES \
--namespace $NAMESPACE
```

### Installing Zerto 4 Kubernetes on OpenShift on Additional cluster

``` shell
helm install z4k zerto-z4k/zkm-px \
--set global.authentication.initialAccessToken=$INITIALACCESSTOKEN \
--set global.imagePullSecret=$IMAGEPULLSECRET \
--set config.siteId=$SITE \
--set config.zkmUrl=$ZKMURL \
--set config.zkeycloakUrl=$ZKEYCLOAKURL
--set zkmProxyIngressControllerEnabled=false \
--set vras.ingressClass=$INGRESSCLASSNAMES \
--set ingress-nginx.controller.ingressClass=$INGRESSCLASSNAMES \
--set config.externalIp=$externalIp --namespace $NAMESPACE
```


## Downloading the Zerto Operations Help Utility
    
-   Download the Help Utility so you can enter Zerto operations commands. This is a bash script wrapper for the kubectl API extension.
-   To use the Help Utility, first download then run the command 
    ```kubectl-zrt```
-   To run Zerto operation commands, on the Kubernetes platform enter the following commands:

``` shell
wget https://z4k.zerto.com/public/kubectl-zrt
chmod +x kubectl-zrt
sudo cp kubectl-zrt /usr/bin/
```

> **Note**:	If kubectl-zrt is not installed in /usr/bin, you must point to the relevant location.

-   To view all Zerto commands, run 
    ```kubectl-zrt –```

    >   [kubectl-zrt](Images/Z4K_Kubernetes_Commands.png?raw=true)

## Updating Z4K with a New Zerto License
    
To update your Z4K with a new Zerto license run the following command with the relevant environment variables:
    
```
kubectl set env deployment/<zkm-deploy-name> LICENSE_KEY=<new_license> -n <namespace>
```

To verify the new license has been succesfully updated run the following command and go to the deployemnt description under the Environment variable LICENSE_KEY:

```
kubectl describe deployments.apps <deply-zkm-name> -n <zerto-namespace>
```

Commit message:

add note for release name restriction

docs/HowToDeployZerto.md, after:

# How To: Deploy Zerto For Kubernetes

Perform the following procedures:

1.	[Prepare Helm](#prepare-helm)
2.	[Obtain the Image Pull Key Secret](#obtain-the-image-pull-key-secret)
3.	[Configure the Ingress Controller](#configure-the-ingress-controller)
4.	[Install the Zerto for Kubernetes Components](#install-zerto-for-kubernetes-components)
    - [Install Zerto for Kubernetes](#install-zerto-for-kubernetes)
    -	[Install Zerto Kubernetes Manager](#install-zerto-kubernetes-manager)
    -	[Create the Initial Access Token from Keycloak](#creating-the-initial-access-token-using-keycloak)
    -	[Install Zerto Kubernetes Manager Proxy](#install-zerto-kubernetes-manager-proxy)
    - [Install Zerto 4 Kubernetes on Openshift](#install-zerto-4-kubernetes-on-openshift)
    - [Install Zerto 4 Kubernetes on OpenShift on Additional cluster](#installing-zerto-4-kubernetes-on-openshift-on-additional-cluster)
5.	[Downloading the Zerto Operations Help Utility](#downloading-the-zerto-operations-help-utility)
6.	[Update Z4K with a new Zerto License](#updating-z4k-with-a-new-zerto-license)

## Prepare Helm

On the Kubernetes platform, enter the following commands:

``` shell
helm repo add zerto-z4k https://zapps-helm.zerto.com/z4k/stable
helm repo update
```

> **Note**:	Helm name (in the example above, zerto-z4k) should be a logical name entered by the user.

## Obtain the Image Pull Key Secret

1.	Go to [myZerto](https://www.zerto.com/myzerto/).
2.	If required, log in using your myZerto credentials.
3.	Navigate to [Support & Downloads > Software Downloads > Zerto for K8s](https://www.zerto.com/myzerto/support/downloads/#z4k), and click **Generate Registry Key**.
4.	Copy the Registry Key. You will need it later when installing the Zerto software.

[PullKey](Images/PullKey.png?raw=true)

## Configure the Ingress Controller

To configure the ingress controller with static IP, set the following flags in the value.yaml file as input for HELM during the installation:

For ZKM
``` shell
--set ingress-nginx.controller.service.loadBalancerIP=$STATIC_IP
```
For ZKM-PX only
``` shell
--set zkm-px.ingress-nginx.controller.service.loadBalancerIP=$STATIC_IP
```


## Install Zerto for Kubernetes Components

Installation includes installation of the following components:

-   [Zerto for Kubernetes (Z4K)](#install-zerto-kubernetes-manager)
-	[Zerto Kubernetes Manager (ZKM)](#install-zerto-kubernetes-manager)
-	[Zerto Kubernetes Manager Proxy (ZKM-PX)](#install-zerto-kubernetes-manager)




### Install Zerto for Kubernetes

Use either of these options to install Zerto for Kubernetes (Z4K) on any of the Zerto supported Kubernetes platforms.

> **Note**: For both options you can add the following flag to capture helm install logs for debugging and troubleshotting purposes:
```
--debug > <path_to_file>.txt
```

#### Option 1

Enter the following command, replacing the "$" variables with values relevant to your deployment.
``` shell
helm install <installation names> zerto-z4k/z4k \
--set global.imagePullSecret=$IMAGE_PULL_KEY \
--set global.authentication.managementUser=$KEYCLOAK_USER
--set global.authentication.managementPassword=$KEYCLOAK_PASSWORD
--set global.authentication.adminUser=$ADMIN_USER
--set global.authentication.adminPassword=$ADMIN_PASSWORD
--set zkm-px.config.siteId=$SITE \
--namespace $NAMESPACE
```

#### Option 2
1.	Create the following values.yaml:
``` yaml
--- 
global: 
  authentication: 
    adminPassword: $ADMIN_PASSWORD
    adminUser: $ADMIN_USER
    imagePullSecret: $IMAGE_PULL_KEY
    managementPassword: $KEYCLOAK_PASSWORD
    managementUser: $KEYCLOAK_USER
zkm-px: 
  config: 
    siteId: $SITE
```
2. Install using the following command:
``` shell
helm install <installation names> zerto-z4k/z4k -f values.yaml --namespace $NAMESPACE
```
Where,

| Parameter | Description |
| --------- | ----------- |
| <installation names\> | Specify an easy to recognize name. |
| $NAMESPACE | A dedicated Zerto namespace. Zerto recommends using the namespace 'zerto'. |
| $SITE |	A unique site name. |

!!! Note
    The <installation name\> must consist of lower case alphanumeric characters or '-', 
    and must start and end with an alphanumeric character (e.g. 'my-name', or '123-abc', regex used for validation is 'a-z0-9?').

  

### Install Zerto Kubernetes Manager

Use one of these options to install the Zerto Kubernetes Manager (ZKM) on any of the Zerto supported Kubernetes platforms.

#### Option 1

Enter the following commands:

``` shell
helm install <installation name> zerto/zkm \
--set global.imagePullSecret=$IMAGE_PULL_KEY \
--set global.authentication.managementUser=$KEYCLOAK_USER
--set global.authentication.managementPassword =$KEYCLOAK_PASSWORD
--set global.authentication.adminUser =$ADMIN_USER
--set global.authentication.adminPassword =$ADMIN_PASSWORD
--namespace $NAMESPACE
```
    
Where,

| Parameter |	Description |
| --------- | --------- |
| <installation names\> |	Specify an easy to recognize name. |
| $NAMESPACE |	A dedicated Zerto namespace. We recommend using the namespace zerto. |
    
#### Option 2 
    
1.  Create the following values.yaml:

    ``` yaml
    --- 
    global: 
      authentication: 
        adminPassword: $ADMIN_PASSWORD
        adminUser: $ADMIN_USER
        imagePullSecret: $IMAGE_PULL_KEY
        managementPassword: $KEYCLOAK_PASSWORD
        managementUser: $KEYCLOAK_USER
    ``` 

2. Install using the following command:  

    ```
    helm install <installation names> zerto-z4k/zkm -f values.yaml –namespace $NAMESPACE
    ```

### Creating the Initial Access Token using Keycloak

KeyCloak is installed during the ZKM installation. Before you can begin to install Zerto Kubernetes Manager Proxy (ZKM-PX) on additional Kubernetes clusters, you must create an initial access token using Keycloak.

Use one of the following processes depending on where you have or have not enabled two-factor authentication (2FA) for the Keycloak management user.

#### Option 1

Use this option to create the initial access token if 2FA is enabled for the Keycloak management user.

1.	Edit your hosts file so that **zkm.z4k.zerto.com** points to your load balancer address.
2.	Browse to Keycloak: [https://zkm.z4k.zerto.com/auth](https://zkm.z4k.zerto.com/auth)
>   [Browse](Images/Keycloak_Option2_Browse.png?raw=true)
3.	Log in to the **Administration Console** using your **$KEYCLOAK_USER** and **$KEYCLOAK_PASSWORD**.
4.	Log in to Keycloak.
>   [Sign In](Images/Keycloak_Option2_SignIn.png?raw=true)
5.	Select the **Realm Settings** option from the drop-down menu, and in the right pane, select the **Client Registration Policies** tab.
6.	Click **Create**.
>   [Create](Images/Keycloak_Option2_InitialAccessToken_Create.png?raw=true)
7.	In the Add Initial Access Token panel, in the **Expiration** field define time-frame within which the token will expire in **Seconds/Minutes/Hours/Days**.
8.	In the **Count** field, define the token usage count.
>   [Token Expiration](Images/Keycloak_Option2_TokenExpiration.png?raw=true)
9.	Click **Save** to generate and display a token.
>   [Back](Images/Keycloak_Option2_InitialAccessToken_Back.png?raw=true)
10.	Save the token.
11.	Click **Back** to return to Keycloak.

#### Option 2

Use this option to create the initial access token only if two-factor authentication (2FA) is **not** enabled for the Keycloak management user.
 
1.  Generate an initial access token via REST commands to Keycloak.
2.  Download and execute the following script:
``` shell
wget https://z4k.zerto.com/public/generate_initial_access_token.bash
chmod +x generate_initial_access_token.bash
./generate_initial_access_token.bash
```
> **Note**:	The URL should end with /auth


### Install Zerto Kubernetes Manager Proxy

1. [Create the Initial Access Token from Keycloak](*creating-the-initial-access-yoken-from-keycloak)
2. Install Zerto Kubernetes Manager Proxy (ZKM-PX) on any of the Zerto supported Kubernetes platforms using one of the following options.

#### Option 1
Enter the following commands to install Zerto Kubernetes Manager Proxy:

``` shell
helm install <installation name> zerto-4k/zkm-px \
--set global.imagePullSecret=$IMAGE_PULL_KEY \
--set global.authentication.initialAccessToken =$INITINAL_ACCESS_TOKEN
--set config.siteId=$SITE \
--set config.zkmUrl=$ZKM_URL \
--set config.zkeycloakUrl=$ZKEYCLOAK_URL \
--namespace $NAMESPACE
```
  Where,

| Parameter	| Description |
| --------- | ----------- |
| <installation names\>	| Specify an easy to recognize name. |
| $SITE |	A unique site name. |
| $ZKM_URL |	URL for ZKM. Typically: "https://<load balancer addr>/zkm" |
| $ZKEYCLOAK _URL | URL for Keycloak. Typically: https://<load balancer addr>/auth |

#### Option 2    

1. Create the following values.yaml:

``` yaml
--- 
config: 
  siteId: $SITE
  zkeycloakUrl: $ZKEYCLOAK_URL
  zkmUrl: $ZKM_URL
global: 
  authentication: 
    imagePullSecret: $IMAGE_PULL_KEY
    initialAccessToken: $INITIAL_ACCESS_TOKEN
```
    
2.  Install using the following command:
    
    ```
    helm install <installation names> zerto-z4k/zkm-px -f values.yaml --namespace $NAMESPACE
    ```
 
 Where,

 | Parameter  | Description |
 | ---------  | ----------- | 
 | <installation names\>  | Specify an easy to recognize name. |
 | $NAMESPACE  | A dedicated Zerto namespace. We recommend using the namespace zerto. |
    

### Installing Zerto 4 Kubernetes on OpenShift

In **OpenShift on VMware platforms**, Zerto does not deploy its own ingress controller but rather utilizes the built-in routes.
Therefore, to enable VRA communication, you must disable ingress deployment and provide the external IP of the sites.

**To disable ingress deployment and provide the external IP of the sites** enter the following commands:
``` shell
--set zkm.zkmIngressControllerEnabled=false
--set zkm-px.zkmProxyIngressControllerEnabled=false
--set zkm-px.config.externalIp=$SITE_IP
--set zkm.useNginxRoutePath=false
```

### Set Custom Ingress Class Names

To find the default ingress class name run the command:

```kubectl get ingressclass```

Use the following flags to specify the used IngressClassNames:

``` shell
helm install z4k zerto-z4k/z4k \
--set zkm-px.image.zkmPxRepository=zapps-registry.zerto.com/z4k/stable/zkm-px \
--set zkm-px.image.flowsRepository: zapps-registry.zerto.com/z4k/stable/zkm-installer-flows \
--set zkm-px.config.siteId: $SITE \
--set zkm.image.zkmRepository=zapps-registry.zerto.com/z4k/stable/zkm \
--set zkm.image.coreRepository=zapps-registry.zerto.com/z4k/stable/zkm-core \
--set zkm.client.licenseKey: $LICENSEKEY
--set global.authentication.managementUser=$KEYCLOAK_USER \
--set global.authentication.managementPassword=$KEYCLOAK_PASSWORD \
--set global.authentication.adminUser=$ADMIN_USER \
--set global.authentication.adminPassword=$ADMIN_PASSWORD \
--set global.imagePullSecret=$IMAGEPULLSECRET \
--set zkm.zkmIngressControllerEnabled=false \
--set zkm-px.zkmProxyIngressControllerEnabled=false \
--set zkm-px.config.externalIp=$EXTERNALIP \
--set zkm.useNginxRoutePath=false \
--set zkm-px.vras.ingressClass=$INGRESSCLASSNAMES \
--set zkm-px.ingress-nginx.controller.ingressClass=$INGRESSCLASSNAMES \
--set zkm.ingress-nginx.controller.ingressClass=$INGRESSCLASSNAMES \
--set zkm.ingress.annotations.kubernetes\\.io/ingress\\.class=$INGRESSCLASSNAMES \
--set zkm.zkeycloak.ingress.annotations.kubernetes\\.io/ingress\\.class=$INGRESSCLASSNAMES \
--namespace $NAMESPACE
```

### Installing Zerto 4 Kubernetes on OpenShift on Additional cluster

``` shell
helm install z4k zerto-z4k/zkm-px \
--set global.authentication.initialAccessToken=$INITIALACCESSTOKEN \
--set global.imagePullSecret=$IMAGEPULLSECRET \
--set config.siteId=$SITE \
--set config.zkmUrl=$ZKMURL \
--set config.zkeycloakUrl=$ZKEYCLOAKURL
--set zkmProxyIngressControllerEnabled=false \
--set vras.ingressClass=$INGRESSCLASSNAMES \
--set ingress-nginx.controller.ingressClass=$INGRESSCLASSNAMES \
--set config.externalIp=$externalIp --namespace $NAMESPACE
```


## Downloading the Zerto Operations Help Utility
    
-   Download the Help Utility so you can enter Zerto operations commands. This is a bash script wrapper for the kubectl API extension.
-   To use the Help Utility, first download then run the command 
    ```kubectl-zrt```
-   To run Zerto operation commands, on the Kubernetes platform enter the following commands:

``` shell
wget https://z4k.zerto.com/public/kubectl-zrt
chmod +x kubectl-zrt
sudo cp kubectl-zrt /usr/bin/
```

> **Note**:	If kubectl-zrt is not installed in /usr/bin, you must point to the relevant location.

-   To view all Zerto commands, run 
    ```kubectl-zrt –```

    >   [kubectl-zrt](Images/Z4K_Kubernetes_Commands.png?raw=true)

## Updating Z4K with a New Zerto License
    
To update your Z4K with a new Zerto license run the following command with the relevant environment variables:
    
```
kubectl set env deployment/<zkm-deploy-name> LICENSE_KEY=<new_license> -n <namespace>
```

To verify the new license has been succesfully updated run the following command and go to the deployemnt description under the Environment variable LICENSE_KEY:

```
kubectl describe deployments.apps <deply-zkm-name> -n <zerto-namespace>
```
